we have an understanding don't we those
boys they need to buy an intervention
not a mommy you have your own job when
we boys learn you can't escape Preston
I'm sorry my wife and I my youngest Sam
very happy you could join us from near
and far to Skyler and Derek and the
future so Sam I haven't seen you in a
while
what are you working on now it's a thing
called apparition it allows us to
connect the living with a dead know
what's the worst that could happen
[Music]
we are arriving soon they claim seven
boys died there mysteriously Jesus they
closed the school down after that
[Music]
[Applause]
your connection is upon us
[Music]
you see nothing you hear nothing you are
nothing you understand a connection
you